Boo Boo Wexford is
ana b rpg
ben tre
ana bj
voodoo
dee
Hello Ebesu is counted IsaoSakae of professional staff
This time
Columbia car latest play
We will also send you a report of Enigma
Encounter the medium condition
Excellent at stabilization and control performance
ー ー encounter
Everybody offensively slips the line of the year
WE packet encounter
Prestige of this geisha
follow The mission was to always leave the result in any area
encounter series
I started to stare at a new stage
And that remains the image that moves in the previous like this filled with beautiful and Encounter
Was finished in greater Do this week so
We introduce the Enigma
The first impression of peace is
I have an image that looks pretty catchy
What is composed of a strong cover grandfather of the combination was found by appearance
Not such as honesty expected
I think it's just a fan of catching fans
It is the first time to throw
It was removed the imagination in a good way
There is no mistake that it is a catch- type hole
Oil to obtain palpation power is necessary for synthesis
I thought and whether follow a principle over to the back-end
Image that moves to p hit considerably considerably
It was because it was felt as a reaction
There is no image that moves with Garger
I feel like trying to move slightly
It is hard to imagine from the feeling of catch on the front
I was able to enjoy bending comfortably in the putting position
According to the image , the movement at the end of the wicket encounter is somewhat
And quietly
I said that I made it quite strong against the ball
It may be easy to imagine
Convert a good image
Control performance etc. from the mid area of ​​the encounter series
Characteristically appear movements in the previous like Wie system and Encounters
Halving the ability to advance the line aggressively
In addition, I could strengthen my catch
Follow a series of massive low in action
Now Kimidian snake or more of the condition a
It is the performance of the breathtaking shame as Bo aiming at the best good plan prescription
Released as an attack on the encounter series
n is
Do the Matoii Enka Khan control of the catch-type cover
Movement of the point of the beauty and a counter
Have both
p Action Heavy performance
By all means everyone's, please try this n Well
car
voodoo